IBX-6401: Exporting Product and Content metadata to CDP (#2156)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/cdp/cdp_activation/cdp_data_export.md

---

> description: Step-by-step data export procedure in [[= product_name_cdp =]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Step-by-step data export procedure in Ibexa CDP.
```
